
gradient-colors: silver white silver white

{{ gradient yellow orange yellow orange }}
{{ gradient blue aqua blue aqua  }}
{{ gradient red orange red orange }}
{{ gradient navy silver navy silver }}
{{ gradient red magenta red magenta }}
{{ gradient blue silver blue silver }}
{{ gradient yellow white yellow white }}
{{ gradient green lime green lime }}

---
fn1. {{ source text='Textile Source' }}

Agenda

* Turn Your Online Wiki Pages into Slide Shows - Sputnik Case Study




* What's Opera Show? What's FullerScreen?

h1. Slide Show (S9) Template Pack Options 


{% left %} 

h2. What's Opera Show?

Opera has been shipping with built-in full screen projection and slide show support for years (since Opera 4)! 
Pioneered the concept using Cascading Style Sheets (CSS2) that offer/include 
the @projection@ media type in addition to @screen@, @print@ or @handheld@, for example.

{% end %} 

{% right %} 

h2. What's FullerScreen?

FullerScreen is a free, open source Firefox addon that lets you turn your web page into a 
slide show and your browser into full screen projection with a single push button (F11).

{% step %} 

FullerScreen - More than just full screen projection:

* Built-in slide manager with thumbnails!
* Use spacebar, arrows, page up/down keys to move between slides/steps
* Use top and end keys to move to first/last slide
* Move mouse to the bottom-right screen corner to show joystick

{% end %}

(Use the @fullerscreen@ template pack to create FullerScreen slide shows.)

{% end %} 




h1. Gradient Themes Using "Loss-Free" Vector Graphics in S9 

Firefox and Opera (and Chrome and Safari too) ship with built-in machinery for
 theming slide shows using "loss-free" vector  graphics. Offers "Flash/Silverlight-like" functionality out-of-the-box (no plugin download/installation required) using free web standards - a World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) Recommendation known as - surprise, surprise 
 - Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG).


Creating a gradient theme is as easy as:

{{{
<linearGradient id="top_bottom" x1="0" y1="0" x2="0" y2="1">
  <stop offset="0%"   style="stop-color: red" />
  <stop offset="100%" style="stop-color: black" />
</linearGradient>
}}}



Note, S9 ships with nine predefined 
  gradient styles such as "Diagonal", "Radial Off Center", "Radial Repeat", "Top Bottom"
 and S9 lets you define your gradient themes in plain text. Example:

{{{
gradient: top-bottom red black
}}}

or:

{{{
gradient-colors: #0e1f5b #3b5998
}}}


h1. Turn Your Online Wiki Pages into Slide Shows - Sputnik Case Study

Inspired by the Slide Show (S9) Ruby gem - Yuri Takhteyev has added S9-style slide shows
  to "Sputnik":http://sputnik.freewisdom.org/en/Slideshow_Demo - a wiki in Lua.

Lets you author slide shows online in your browser.
It's - surprise, surpise - a wiki and, thus, lets you
 work togther with others on a slide show, 
track changes and versions, link and get linked, and much much more.
