%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%% Some Headers

Title: Slide Show (S9) 10-Minute Tutorial


%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%% Let's go.

h1. Slide Show (S9) 10-Minute Tutorial

Agenda

* What's Slide Show (S9)? 
* Wiki-Style Markup Language - Markdown, Textile
* How it works - Just press F11! 
* What's S5? What's S6?
* Bonus: Gradient Themes Using "Loss-Free" Vector Graphics in S9 

---
{{ help }}


h1. What's Slide Show (S9)?

h3. What? 

A Free Web Alternative to PowerPoint and Keynote in Ruby


h3. Getting Started in 1-2-3 Easy Steps

*(step) Step 1: Write your slides in plain text using a wiki-style markup language
*(step) Step 2: Build your slide show using the @slideshow@ gem
*(step) Step 3: Open up your slide show in your browser and hit the space bar to flip through your slides
*(step) That's it. Showtime!


h1. Wiki-Style Markup Language - Markdown, Textile

Lets you create slide shows and author slides in plain text using a wiki-style markup language that's easy-to-write and easy-to-read.
Sample:

{{{
# What's Slide Show (S9)?

### What? 

A Free Web Alternative to PowerPoint and Keynote in Ruby

### Getting Started in 1-2-3 Easy Steps

- Step 1: Write your slides in plain text using a wiki-style markup language
- Step 2: Build your slide show using the `slideshow` gem
- Step 3: Open up your slide show in your browser 
- That's it. Showtime!
}}}

or

{{{
h1. What's Slide Show (S9)?

h3. What? 

A Free Web Alternative to PowerPoint and Keynote in Ruby

h3. Getting Started in 1-2-3 Easy Steps

* Step 1: Write your slides in plain text using a wiki-style markup language
* Step 2: Build your slide show using the @slideshow@ gem
* Step 3: Open up your slide show in your browser
* That's it. Showtime!
}}}



h1. How it works - Just press F11!  

The Slide Show (S9) Ruby gem turns your slides in plain text into a web page 
that's an all-in-one-page handout and a live slide show all at once.

{{{
$ slideshow build tutorial

=> Preparing slideshow 'tutorial.html'...
=> Done.
}}}


Turn your web page into a slide show and your browser into full screen projection
with a single push button (F11).  Hit the space bar or the right arrow, down arrow
or page down key to flip through your slides.

That's all. It's that simple.


h1. Slide Show (S9) Template Pack Options

{% left %}

h3. What's S5?

Simple Standards-based Slide Show System (S5) - Eric Meyer's (of CSS fame) public domain (free, open source) slide show package inspired by Opera Show and others
that works in all modern browsers (without any plugin required
because it includes its own slide show machinery in JavaScript).

(Use the @s5blank@ or @s5themes@ template pack to create S5 slide shows.)

{% end %}

{% right %}

h3. What's S6?

S6 started as a rewrite of Eric Meyer's S5 using the jQuery JavaScript library -- offering easier to understand and easier to extend code. Add plugins, effects and more. Contributions welcome!

(Use the @s6blank@ or @s6syntax@ template pack to create S6 slide shows.)

{% end %}

h3. What's Slidy? What's Google HTML5 Slides? 

Check the "Slide Show (S9) Template Gallery":http://slideshow-s9.github.io/gallery.html
for more template packs and samples.



h1. Thank You - Learn More - Questions? Comments?

Gerald Bauer designed and developed the Slide Show (S9) Ruby gem. 
Find out more @ "slideshow-s9.github.io":http://slideshow-s9.github.io 

Questions? Comments? Send them along to the "Free Web Slide Show Alternatives - S5, S6, S9 And Friends - Forum/Mailing List":http://groups.google.com/group/webslideshow. Thanks!



h1. Bonus: Gradient Themes Using "Loss-Free" Vector Graphics in S9

{{ gradient green lime green lime }}

h3. CSS3 Background Gradients 

Using modern browser such as Firefox, Chrome, Opera, Safari or Internet Explorer (10+)
you can now theme your slide shows using using "loss-free" vector
graphics in plain old CSS. Thanks to gradient support in backgrounds in CSS3.

For example, the linear gradient from top to bottom with four color is defined
in CSS3 as:

{{{
.gradient_green_lime {
  background-image: linear-gradient(top, green, lime, green, lime);
}
}}}

Using Slide Show (S9) you can use the @gradient@ helper that generates the CSS3
for you:

{{{
{{{{ gradient green lime green lime }}
}}}
