%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%% Some Headers

Title: Slide Show (S9) 10-Minute Tutorial


%%%%%%
%% NB: same as tutorial.textile
%%  - slide titles using heading 2/h2
%%  - no agenda slide (w/ help) included
%%  - no gradient bonus slide
%%  - wiki style sample only in markdown


%%%%%%%%%%%%%%
%% Let's go.


h2. What's Slide Show (S9)?

h3. What? 

A Free Web Alternative to PowerPoint and Keynote in Ruby


h3. Getting Started in 1-2-3 Easy Steps

*(step) Step 1: Write your slides in plain text using a wiki-style markup language
*(step) Step 2: Build your slide show using the @slideshow@ gem
*(step) Step 3: Open up your slide show in your browser and hit the space bar to flip through your slides
*(step) That's it. Showtime!


h2. Wiki-Style Markup Language

Lets you create slide shows and author slides in plain text using a wiki-style markup language
that's easy-to-write and easy-to-read. Sample:

{{{
## What's Slide Show (S9)?

### What? 

A Free Web Alternative to PowerPoint and Keynote in Ruby

### Getting Started in 1-2-3 Easy Steps

- Step 1: Write your slides in plain text using a wiki-style markup language
- Step 2: Build your slide show using the `slideshow` gem
- Step 3: Open up your slide show in your browser 
- That's it. Showtime!
}}}



h2. How it works - Just press F11!  

The Slide Show (S9) Ruby gem turns your slides in plain text into a web page 
that's an all-in-one-page handout and a live slide show all at once.

{{{
$ slideshow build tutorial

=> Preparing slideshow 'tutorial.html'...
=> Done.
}}}


Turn your web page into a slide show and your browser into full screen projection
with a single push button (F11).  Hit the space bar or the right arrow, down arrow
or page down key to flip through your slides.
 
That's all. It's that simple.


h2. Slide Show (S9) Template Pack Options

{% left %}

h3. What's S5?

Simple Standards-based Slide Show System (S5) is a classic  public domain (free, open source)
slide show package inspired by Opera Show and others
that works in all modern browsers (without any plugin required
because it includes its own slide show machinery in JavaScript).

(Use the @s5blank@ or @s5themes@ template pack to create S5 slide shows.)

{% end %}

{% right %}

h3. What's S6?

S6 started as a rewrite of S5 using the jQuery JavaScript library -- offering easier to understand and easier to extend code. Add plugins, effects and more. Contributions welcome!

(Use the @s6blank@ or @s6syntax@ template pack to create S6 slide shows.)

{% end %}

h3. What's Slidy? What's Google HTML5 Slides? 

Check the "Slide Show (S9) Template Gallery":http://slideshow-s9.github.io/gallery.html
for more template packs and samples.



h2. Thank You - Questions? Comments?

Gerald Bauer designed and developed the Slide Show (S9) Ruby gem. 
Find out more @ "slideshow-s9.github.io":http://slideshow-s9.github.io 

Questions? Comments? Send them along to the "Free Web Slide Show Alternatives - S5, S6, S9 And Friends - Forum/Mailing List":http://groups.google.com/group/webslideshow. Thanks!
